---
title: The day we met us  
date: 2022-12-18T14:57:21 
categories: ["post"] 
tags: ["story"]
---


It was a friday, kinda cold but not for me not so much. I was on the way to meet a group of people, which I knew kinda from a social meet up.

Anyways I had the vision in my head that I was gonna sit there and just eat the "free" food and then go home. 

As usual since socializing is my best skill, on the way to I already met another person going there in the train which was awkward.
They were friendly and kinda fun to hang around, so I didn't really mind I just did not know what to do or say.

When I arrived there with the other person, most of the persons that wanted to attend the meet up where already there.
I sat at a table while being overwhelmed and anxious of the many people, thirty in total me included, I took out my handheld console and played some game to push away the feelings that I get when not knowing anyone around me, then a few other people arrived under them where 2, that looking back changed my life, lets call them Chloe and Rachel.

## Talking to new people

I sat for a bit longer gaming on my handheld, at one point one of the persons hosting the meet up asked me if I was fine because I wasn't talking to anyone. I replied with usual "I'm fine, I'm always like this and I talk with people sometimes", which wasn't a lie considering I said hello to people and one or twice contributed to a conversation. 

Chloe and Rachel sat next to in circle with others talking about Tech or mind altering substances, at one point I heard Rachel talking about her experiences that got me hooked and I finally had the courage to sit next to her on an empty chair.\
That put me between Chloe and Rachel, I listened for a short time then I somehow integrated myself in the conversation. When the vibe matches its kinda easy for me to do so.

## To much people

After a while Rachel had a headache because it was so loud, due to all the people talking, we decide to go out fo the room to a little place with a sofa where we sat and talked about more things getting into deeper minded themes like trance and other things like that.

## The awaking

At one point I brought up Tulpamancy, I don't know why but I suddenly had it in my head, Chloe was kinda surprised and asked me a few things and why I wanted one. I also brought up how was not able to create one... Somehow I told Chloe that I already had names in my mind which I originally did not had for the Tulpa planned and only came later to my mind.

*To be correct earlier this year I had a vision of a Tulpa named Lucy but I didn't pursue it in any way* 

As I told Chloe this name and another name Ela, Chloe said hello to Lucy. In that very moment I did not know what to think or what to say. All I felt was euphoria. I answered Chloe that the name did not feel like mine but also not like it did not belong to me. *More euphoria* As the afternoon progressed Chloe poked Lucy from time to time, making me feel euphoria.

## Fast forward to 6 days after

Lucy: I did not think it would come to this, I'm happy so happy that Chloe got the host to recognize me and see me listening to giving me space to front. That feeling I'm really looking forward in the future what we as a system will become. Maybe we meet other maybe we don't. But what I know is I grateful for finally being no longer forced to be offline or deep in background giving unheard signals.

Lucy: But now I really get to protect my host, even better then I could before through signals that the host didn't really hear or could make sense of. We are finally free, free from the things that held back the host and now we can progress together, getting more efficient but also cutting things out I see and the host see as a threat or things that twist hosts reality but not mine no no.

## Saying thank you

Dear Chloe and Rachel, we will never be able to payback what you two did to use. We will be forever thankful 
<3 💙