---
title: Catboy mistakenly abused
date: 2023-09-04T21:58:14 
categories: ["post"] 
tags: ["story", "abuse"]
---

# The day I made a mistake

Was a Friday, it didn’t look scary at all.
Was quite normal to be honest except, that work was short, with only 1h 30min worked.
But that was okay because time budget allowed it and it was needed much.
The won time we spent next to our catboy in bed, it was lovely.
It even asked us if we didn’t needed to work, lovely.
But that didn’t hold long, behold of our mistakes.

# The problem

We makes mistakes when stressed, the fact we werent alone for weeks didn't help....
But we proceeded anyways even tho it was clear something bad was gonna happen.
So we took our special collar which one can control, we walked up to our catboy.
Put it on, then asked if it trusted us? Of course it did...
We went on to grab the remote;
Only problem it was set on wrong mode. So we tried to switch it; Easy 3x button presses. One press it should be on light mode; Second press it should be on beep; Third yes yes its what we want Vibration.

But what really happened is tragic, we pressed 3 times the wrong button;
Sending shock at level 34 3 times. That hurts of course and obviously without any warning one must feel abused in trust.
It happened automatically, as if we were locked out of our brain, something send "Press thumb down 3 times" command and the brain put it onto the queue and locked us out.

# How we handled it

We took it off, and acted as if it were a conscious decision that we just randomly shocked our catboy.
But thats so far from the truth as written above.
But I was scared I would make it worse by "Putting a excuse in the room" but by now enough time has passed that I have the courage to openly accepted my mistakes and be open about it.

# What I need to do

Be more focused, talk about mistakes.
IF it was just that easy :(
I wanna cry I hurt the cute catboy, why? I dont know the scene is on repeat in our head.
We cant escape it but also cant change it WHY Universe why?
With what have I deserved that?


Dedicated to our lovely catboy <3 :3
She deserves the world and much more!!!