---
title: A dream
date: 2024-02-18T11:37:09 
categories: ["post"] 
tags: ["story"]
---
# Yesterday

Yesterday was a saturday like every other one might say except that I was on a demo and afterwards the MeetUp - all in all very fun!
But also energy consuming, which was fine as I got to to talk to cool people, as specially the team from server, maybe I think they're the coolest because I know them the most from the server, unlike most others..

Anyways the day went by and I got home, well not quite my home but I went to Yuri and it was great, watching Doctor Who!
The night was sleepless, I had a lot to think about and I didn't get that much sleep and had one or possibly multiple weird dreams, I can't really say as of now but I probably will at the end of this write up as that always helps :)

## Inventory 

Sadly I only remember bits and pieces, but lets list them and assemble them:
- Yuri has a cat named Shulk and he definitely was in that dream
- The old room in the house of bodies mum where I used to live was there too and Shulk was in it
- People: Kay, Toni, Chris(2 different though), Lauric and people I can't make out

## Beginning

For some reason I was sitting in the room mentioned above with Shulk sitting on a shelf facing a wall and I had my laptop on my lap with discord open and all of being in a mod meeting. For some reason Kay knew my deadname and used it on me and I kept saying don't call me that but somehow dey didn't do that. It was soooo weird...
Also some of my old friends were in that call, almost as if my brain was trying to communicate with the old host or was it us secretly? Just so weird.

### Time jump

I'm walking around the city with someone, I can't make out who that is, we see a ambulance and the person says "Oh I know the persons in there and while we're here why not get a vaccine shot", so we went in. In there was Toni and we talked a bit and for some reason the vaccine shot was a 20GA needle which I wasn't ready for and I didn't wanted to. Somehow the needle ended up in my leg but bend and broken, Toni took out the pieces.

-- Dream end --


It was so weird and trying to remembering the dream I corrupt the memories, I hate that but I'm also glad this was a dream. Though no idea and yeah idk if anyone is ever gonna read this.