---
title:  Lost entity
date: 2024-10-17T22:01:34 
categories: ["story"] 
tags: 
---

# Hi there!

Thanks for reading this!


## What it was 

I could be defining myself through actions but that would just cause bad light I think I am an entity with great strengths and flaws like everyone else!
Going to work and coming home after work except my home is my work place like thats insane I go insane, wheres the over goal in its life you might ask? Got off college cause it was to boring but then again was it really boring or just to hard? 
I will never know I think to myself sitting in the tram listen to a mix tape made by a friend on my old walkman, I look at it in my hands as it spools the tape from one side to the other. 
Outside are bright lights passing by, oh shit I think, where even are we? 
Ah! just few more stops then I can get of this fucking tram, I should really change filters of my half face mask I think to myself while I see another cyberpunk entering the tram. They really look nice I think to myself thinking about what they probably achieved in their live? 

## What's to come

What awaits me at home if I even can call this home is more machine noise, blinking lights and half broken tech grinding away at their tasks but thats not it no! The Person I so happily invited drains all my energy I feel like Im dying, I don't know what to do? My daily tasks are really just work and maintenance of this body and nothing more... No big life goals, I just life for the sake of living? Like I wish I would die I don't wanna live on this planet because what comes next is hard:
Climate change will cause global war over resources I don't wanna have this I fight not for it to happen...

## How it lost

It fights are worthless though, it think it can change stuff but the world is already cyberpunk and much worse, no blinking lights no cybernetics no nothing..... Everything is burning just waiting for nuclear fire to fry me or I should just kill myself but then I leave them behind without money or anything.... But this cant be all my life just living so them can live! Please show me how I can exit...

With this help me or watch me die and be sorry fuck you if you ain't wanna help me...